---
title: What's New
index: 4
---

# What's new

Get a quick overview of what has been added, changed, improved, or deprecated in version 3.3.1 released 30 July 2021.

This release focusses on bug fixes and minor enhancements.

## Workflows

- Added notes to a workflow in the Workflow Editor. These are tied to your workflow version and live with your workflow, allowing you to pass on knowledge.
- Added new workflow icons add more personalization and options.
- Provided the ability to see Result Parameters on tasks that you drag-and-drop onto your workflow, making it easier to see what to reference in follow-on tasks.
- Provided the ability to duplicate a workflow in the Workflows screen.
- Fixed importing a workflow with the name of the workflow auto-populating.

## Triggers

- Fixed a bug for workflows not accepting Slack<sup>®</sup> webhook or CloudEvent triggers.
- Fixed scheduled workflows that were not executing.
- A CloudEvent now returns 400 Bad Request, 403 Unauthorized, 500 Server Error, and other errors instead of always returning 200 Success. This provides the end user with as much information as to the initial state as possible.

## Tasks and Task Management

- New task for setting workflow status. This allows you to mark the workflow as failed, but continue processing, for example, when sending an email or raising a ticket after a failure.
- Fixed the argument, command, and working directory locations and representation with Argument and Command now delimited and a text area input.
- Updated the `npx init` as part of the NodeJS template for creating new task workers.

## Team and Users

- Fixed create team and view users functionality in standalone mode.
