---
title: Overview
index: 0
---

# Overview

Boomerang Flow is a modern cloud native workflow automation tool built on top of Kubernetes. Enable new ways of approaching your business tasks or combine with existing tools to extend your current workloads.

Supporting the 'No Code' paradigm with out of the box tasks with the extensibility to bring your own tasks with custom container support. 

Create your next workflow and you will have an end to end process that executes a series of tasks based on a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG).

## Benefits

* Cloud native from the ground up - no overhead from legacy implementations.
* Cloud agnostic - run in any kubernetes
* Each task in the workflow is executed as a pod
* Visual editor for creating the DAG
* Trigger your workflows in four easy methods; manual, webhook, schedule, or action listener.
* Multi step workflows supporting parallel processing, decisions, dynamic storage, and parameterization. 
* Workflow change log and versioning with the ability to roll back to any prior revision.
* Activity detail with per execution records detailing the executed workflow and tasks. Logs, status, and output properties are available.
* Dynamic insights over time filtered per team and / or workflow.
* Pre integrated with Boomerang teams and role based access.

## DAG

- We mean Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG)
- Steps in a dag are a task
- Tasks are a discrete piece of work
- All of the tasks in DAG make up a workflow

## Navigation

* Workflows - Create, view, and manage your workflows from a centralized location. 
* Activity - View the status, logs, outputs, and run times of your recent workflow executions
* Designer - Advanced visual drag and drop workflow designer. Define triggers, set options, create properties, and link the workflow tasks together.
* Insights - View powerful metrics and real time statistics on workflow executions over time showing peak execution periods, average run times, percentage of success and failures.
