---
title: Framework Architecture
index: 3
---

# Framework architecture

Flow mainly focuses on providing no-to-low code prebuilt tasks. However, if you want to build your own, you can use the our CLI framework, which comes with a number of prebuilt functions.

These frameworks are node modules that enable worker developers to use a prebuilt CLI and Common Core functions to easily drop in and run any command.

These frameworks can be found [here on Boomerangs GitHub](https://github.com/boomerang-io/worker.interfaces).

## Worker CLI

The Worker CLI provides two pieces of functionality:

1. A node module providing an execution and wrapper - Once imported, all you need to do is drop a file or script into specific folders to be imported and available.
2. A node package executable (npx) to initialize new worker repositories - This prompts users with questions that build out everything they need.

| Summary              |                          |
| :------------------- | :----------------------- |
| Type                 | Custom                   |
| Platform Owner       | Tyson Lawrie, Tim Bula, and Benjamin Ruby |
| Platform Version     | 0.8.4                   |
| Languages            | Node.js                  |
| Dependent Middleware | None                     |
| Implementation       | Node Module (npm) and Node Executable (npx) |

**What's next**

Nothing at this time. Looking for enhancement and change requests.

**Considerations**

N/A

## Worker Core

Worker Core is a node package that provides common helper methods. They are:

- `common` - Methods that can be used by task developers to enhance and speed the ease of their development
- `log` - Logging utilities that use Chalk to output nice values in the log for the user
- `utils` - Utility functions to help plugin authors retrieve, resolve, and set task parameters

| Summary              |                          |
| :------------------- | :----------------------- |
| Type                 | Custom                   |
| Platform Owner       | Tyson Lawrie, Tim Bula, and Benjamin Ruby |
| Platform Version     | 1.2.2                    |
| Languages            | Node.js                  |
| Dependent Middleware | None                     |
| Implementation       | Node Module (npm)        |

**What's next**

- Enhance the available common methods by harvesting current worker tasks.

**Considerations**

N/A