---
title: What's New
index: 4
---

# What's new

Get a quick overview of what has been added, changed, improved, or deprecated in version 3.0.0 released 9 October 2020.

You can find more details about the features in the detailed documentation.

## Eventing

- New eventing implementation based on the [CloudEvents](https://cloudevents.io) specification, supporting HTTP webhook and [NATS](https://nats.io)-based messaging. See the [Eventing Architecture](/boomerang-flow/architecture/eventing-architecture) for more information.
  - Replaces the Action Listener and webhook services which are now both deprecated
  - Additional support for Slack<sup>®</sup> and Docker Hub<sup>®</sup> webhook types with functionality to respond to verification requests

## Workflows

- New Token implementation for workflow allows users to create multiple tokens and use in both the workflow triggers and the **Wait For Event** task.
  - Tokens can be labelled to provide context as to what the token is used for
  - All workflows are created with a default token
- Updated Trigger implementation subscribes a workflow to an incoming event, which in turn executes the workflow.
  - A new webhook builder modal is available to help in constructing what the URL would be. This can then be copied directly into an end system.

## Tasks

- New System tasks to allow greater out-of-the box logic control for the Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG)
  - Manual Approval task
  - Wait For Event
  - Set Output Property
- The Boomerang Platform task category is now IBM Services Essentials.
  - Send Platform Email has been updated to match changes in the platforms services

## Activity

- Manual tasks allow a user to approve or reject and a comment via the Detail Execution Activity
- New waiting status for workflows, if they have System tasks that are waiting on manual interaction or an event.
- View log action no longer shows up for System tasks that don't have logs
- New logging integration with Loki

## Execution

<!-- - get information from marcus on the execution changes -->
- If dedicated node is enabled for worker execution it will now also run the Kubernetes Jobs with a soft anti affinity for better load balancing across the Kubernetes nodes.
