---
title: What's New
index: 4
---

# What's new

Get a quick overview of what has been added, changed, improved, or deprecated in version 3.4.0 released 3 September 2021.

This release focusses on smoothing out the E2E experience for a new installation as well as new APIs.

## APIs

- A new /apis/v1 endpoint for the start of our API endpoints. In this release we have APIs for Workflows, team, and user management.
- New API Tokens with Global and Team scopes with Management and Administration screens to go along with these scopes.

## Workflows

- New personal Workflows to provide every user a playground for their own automation
- New template Workflows to enhance the learning experience to get the most out of your automation. 
- Updates to Workflows page to have a My Workflows and Team Workflows split.
- Assign approvals to approval groups
    - You can define the number of approvers
    - You can define mandatory approvers
- Fixes to refresh quota checks quicker to ensure the user has the latest information.

## Actions

- A new way to interact with Approvals and Manual Tasks.
- Bulk management of Actions

## Tasks

- New integration with [Postmark](https://postmarkapp.com/)
    - Task to Send Email from Template
- Updated HTTP Task with a new result parameter for the returned HTTP status.

## Quotas

- New User Quota defaults are able to be Administered in Settings and are used whenever a new user is added. 
- New Team Quota defaults are able to be Administered in Settings and are used whenever a new team is created.
- New Workflow Duration quota available at both the User and Team Workflow levels. This ensures a Workflow can't run past a specific time period.

## Execution & Activity

- Task duration is now respected and the default can be managed through Settings.

## Queuing and Streams

- We have upgraded from NATS Streaming to NATS Jetstream for our internal messaging mechanism, when enabled.
