---
title: Pre-requisites
index: 0
---

# Prerequisites

You are expected to have one of the supported Kubernetes<sup>®</sup> platforms, version 1.13.9 or higher, fully installed and correctly configured. Additional software requirements that may be met by the platform are presented in the following sections. Additionally:

- Ensure you have read and can meet all the dependencies listed in the [Application Architecture](/docs/boomerang-flow/architecture/application).
- Ensure you have Helm<sup>®</sup> 3 installed, as Boomerang Flow is packaged with Helm.

### Helm 3

Boomerang Flow installation requires Helm 3.

## Kubernetes

### Kubernetes Image Policies

If you are implementing a Kubernetes cluster, which uses ClusterImagePolicy or ImagePolicy, you may need to add `docker.io/boomerangio/*:*` to your policies to be able to retrieve the images.

### Network

Supported for use with IPv4 networks only.

### Storage

If you want to support Workspaces you must set up persistent storage and you must have physical volumes available and supported as a Kubernetes volume type.

### Resources

TBA

## Software

### MongoDB

MongoDB<sup>®</sup> is a mandatory dependency that needs to be installed prior. We highly recommend the [MongoDB Helm chart from Bitnami](https://bitnami.com/stack/mongodb/helm).

We recommend that you install and create the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) with `retain`, with a minimum recommended storage of `2Gi`.

### Tekton

Tekton<sup>®</sup> is another mandatory dependency that needs to be installed for Flow to properly function. The best way is to use the [CD Foundation Tekton Helm Chart](https://github.com/cdfoundation/tekton-helm-chart).

The recommended version is _0.24.3_

### NATS Jetstream

If you want to enable eventing, NATS Jetstream must be available to act as the messaging system. You can install NATS Jetstream via its [Helm chart found here](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/nats/nack).

### Cert Manager [Optional]

We recommend installing / using [Cert Manager](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/helm/) to generate your TLS certificates.

## IBM Services Essentials

When standalone mode is disabled, integration to the Core services provided by IBM<sup>®</sup> Services Essentials is required.