---
title: What's New
index: 4
---

# What's New

Get a quick overview of what has been added, changed, improved, or deprecated in version 2.1.0 released 1st May 2020.

You can find more details about the features in the detailed documentation.

## Task Template Management

- Add new major feature for Task Template management. Currently available to platform admins and operators.
- Create, update, version, and archive Task Templates.
- Update Task Templates to support versioning.

## Workflows Home

- Notify users if workflow has Tasks with new versions available.
- Refine typography and fix accessibility with Workflow cards.

## Workflow Designer

- Add Task version upgrade modal. Displays to users what has been added and removed to easily update.
- Notify users if specific tasks have new versions available.
- Expand task template icon set and update filter functionality.

## Tasks

- Add public Boomerang Worker CLI and Core frameworks. See the [Framework Architecture](/boomerang-flow/architecture/frameworks/) for more detail.
- Leverage new Boomerang Worker CLI and Core node modules to create new Boomerang Flow Task Worker.
- Add `JSON to Property` task that takes the first value returned by a valid JSONPath expression applied to a JSON payload and set as an output property.
- Add `GitHub Find Issues and Label` task to find issues in a repository based on time since last activity and adds a label and a comment. Useful for marking issues inactive or reminding users to update an issue.
- Add `GitHub Find Issues and Remove` task to find ability to find and remove github issues based on optional days since activity and labels.

## Performance, Security and Stability

- Support dedicated infrastructure. When installing and configuring Boomerang Flow, you can now set dedicated Kubernetes nodes using node selectors and tolerations for the Boomerang Flow Workers to run on.
- Upgrade Flow Worker to Alpine 3.11.3. Upgraded from Alpine 3.9.
- Reduce Flow Worker compressed container image size by 50%.
