---
title: Pre-requisites
index: 0
---

# Pre-requisites

The following prerequisites are needed to be able to install Boomerang Flow

Please note that at this time Boomerang Flow is not available to be installed outside of the managed Boomerang environments.

## Environment

Boomerang Flow requires a Kubernetes cluster version 1.13.9+. The officially supported and validated platforms are;

- IBM Cloud Private 3.2.1+

## Boomerang Core

Boomerang Flow requires Boomerang Core to have been installed and configured.

## Software

It is expected that you have one of the supported platforms fully installed and correctly configured with additional software requirements that may be met by the platform above.

- Ensure you have met all the requirements for the installation of the supported base platform
- Ensure Boomerang Core is installed and available
- Ensure you have read and can meet all the dependencies listed in the [Application Architecture](/boomerang-flow/2.0.0/architecture/application-architecture)
- Ensure you have Helm 2 installed as Boomerang Flow is packaged with Helm.

### Helm

Add the Boomerang Charts internal Helm repository called boomerang-charts to the Helm CLI as a repository using `helm repo add boomerang-charts https://tools.boomerangplatform.net/artifactory/boomeranglib-helm`

### MongoDB

Right now, we are limited with the version of MongoDB that can be used. The highest version that can be used is **4.0.X** as otherwise the Data Loader wont be able to run due to internal code dependencies.

We recommend that you install / create the PVC with `retain` with minimum recommended storage of `2Gi` 

## Network

Supported for use with IPv4 networks only.

## Storage

If you want to set up persistent storage, you must have physical volumes available and supported as a kubernetes volume type.

## Resources

TBA