---
title: What's New
index: 3
---

# What's new

Get a quick overview of what has been added, changed, improved, or deprecated in version 3.10.0 released 29th June 2022.

This release brings a new Extensions feature with Slack as the first extension, as well as stabalization and security fixes.

> You can find all the associated versions for this release on our [GitHub Release](https://github.com/boomerang-io/roadmap/releases/tag/3.10.0) as well as install via our Helm chart

## Insights & Activity

- The Insights page has been updated to use a newer graphing library and to present the same filtering options as all other pages. 
    - You can filter by: Scope, Team, Workflow, and Trigger. The date ranges will still be fixed periods of times

## Workflow

- Fixed a bug when editing Manual Approvals and not being able to provide the specifics
- Fixed an issue where you could not import Template Workflows
- Added new Workflow Templates
    - Template that uses HTTP Calls to look for Star Wars planets, their characteristics and the movies where they appeared. 
    - Template that runs a MongoDB query and then simultaneously sends the results as an attached file on an email and prints out the results for an easy verification.

## Tasks & Extensions

- New _alpha_ Slack App extension allowing a user to trigger a Workflow from within Slack.
    - Read more information [here]() on how to set up a Slack app for your integration
    - Users will be able to type `/{command} {workflowID}` and trigger a workflow. This will open a confirmation modal which details about the Workflow or provide contextual information as to why not.
    - _Future_ capability would be to provide the user with the workflows they have access to and once chosen, provide parameter fields for the User to fill in.
- Added the ability for the HTTP Task to retry the HTTP request when special exceptions are triggered by the system such as CONNREFUSED, DNS-TIMEOUT, EAI_AGAIN ( similar to DDoS ) and ETIMEDOUT.

## APIs & Events

- New 'extensions' API design allowing the experience to be extended into apps that have opinionated implements, such as Slack Apps.

## Installing

- Deprecated NGINX Ingress prior to v1
- Fixed a bug where after installing Flow and receiving the Activation screen for your installation code, you were left on a blank page
- Incorrect logging contexts existed in the Helm Chart when installed in DEBUG mode.

## Management & Administration

- Added the Ability to configure a custom name in Settings
    - This shows up in the Browser Tab, the header/navigation bar, and the About modal
- Fixed a bug in the Team Quotas screen where the Quota dialog doesn't show the input text with the value

## Stablity and Security

- Increased a number of minor dependent package versions across all parts of the solution thanks to Snyk and Dependabot.