---
title: Security Architecture
index: 4
---

# Security Architecture

Boomerang Flow has a number of security protocols in place. The following architecture document provides detail on how these are applicable.

This is based on, and extends, the Boomerang Core Security and Core Framework architectures.

## Authorization

- Utilizes the Boomerang Core Global roles
- Utilizes the Boomerang Core Catalog Service Entitlement Roles

**Roles**

| Level | Role | Access |
| --- | --- | --- |
| global      | admin    | Full access to Flow. Ability to access and manage all teams and system. |
| global      | operator | Access to Flow across teams. Ability to access and manage all teams. |
| global      | user     | No access unless in a team with entitlement |
| entitlement | user     | Default role for Flow teams catalog service entitlement. Can do most functions other than Flow management. |

## Access Control

| Interface | Administrator (Global) | Operator (Global) | User (Entitlement) |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | 
| Workflows | View | View | View | 
| Activity | Edit | Edit | Edit |
| Insights | Edit | Edit | Edit |
| Manage - Properties | Edit | Edit | - |
| Manage - Team Properties | Edit | Edit | - |
| Manage - Task Templates | Edit | Edit | - |

## Audit

Utilizes the Boomerang Core audit framework with data retention based on the platforms configuration.

## SSL Certificates

Utilizes the Boomerang Core SSL certificate.

## Data Management

Data is mainly stored in the following locations:

- Activity Logs - Kubernetes ephemeral storage and ingested by Elastic
- Audit Logs - ingested by Boomerang Core
- Application Data - MongoDB
- Components Cache - Kubernetes Persistent Volumes (PV)

The following table provides an overview of the data management profile:

| Data Entity | Storage | PII | Customer Data | Source Code | Encrypted at Rest | Encrypted in Flight |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Activity Logs | File | N | N | Y | Y (\*\*) | Y |
| Activity Logs | Elastic | N | N | Y | Y (\*) | Y |
| Audit Logs | Boomerang | Y | N | N | Y (\*) | Y |
| Application Data | MongoDB | Y | Y | N | Y (\*) | Y (\*) |
| Components Cache | Kubernetes PV | N | N | Y | N | N |

(\*) App-level encryption (\*\*) Disk-level encryption

### Data Retention

- Backed up based on the platforms backup mechanism and retained based on the platforms configuration.

## Encryption

Please review the platforms security architecture.

## Kubernetes Policies

Please review the platforms security architecture to understand the base level of policies used. The following describes the additional.

### Controller

The controller is the Kubernetes orchestrator and needs elevated permissions to be able to communicate with the kubernetes API. To achieve this we have a custom Role defined with the appropriate Service Account bound to this Role. The controller micro service then runs as this Service Account.

See the helm chart for further in depth detail as to what Resource Groups and Verbs this Role utilizes.

### Worker

The worker is the Kubernetes Job that runs and executes the Flow Task and needs some elevated permissios to be created and bound to the configmap and pvc. To achieve this we have a Service Account and a binding to a predefined role with only the required abilities.

## Workers

Every worker is a self contained short living execution runner. All artifacts and secure values are only pulled into the worker as it is executing. The worker is then removed upon completion or during scheduled cleanups based on installed properties.