---
title: What's New
index: 4
---

# What's new

Get a quick overview of what has been added, changed, improved, or deprecated in version 3.3.0 released 30 June 2021.

This release brigns in further changes as part of the 3.x series of releases around support for Tekton TaskRuns under the covers.

## Execution

- We now use Tekton TaskRuns instead of Kubernetes Jobs under the covers. This has bought us a lot of benefits.
    - As part of this we have switced to the Fabric8 Kubernetes Client for a better coding experience.
- You can now see Workflow level execution errors in the Activity Detail view
- You can now cancel an Activity in the Activity Detail, with the cancel run button appearing in the top right.
- Task Execution Timeout is now able to be set in the Settings by Admins rather than defined at install time. This allows for a more dynamic approach that in the future could be supplied by teams or workflows
- Fixed a bug with scheduled workflows not working as expected
- We now show the description of the Result Parameters in *View Results* on a Task so that you may better understand what the result relates to

## Workflow Editor

- Auto complete will now also include Task Result Parameters as options
- You can now define Result Parameters dynamically on the **Run Custom Task** and **Execute Shell** Tasks.
- A new **File JSONPath to Parameter** Task has been created to read in JSON files and run a query.
- Some tasks have had their result parameters adjusted or explicitly set
    - **JSONPath to Parameter** now outputs a result parameter of `evaluation`
    - **File JSONPath to Parameter** outputs a result parameter of `evaluation`
    - **Execute HTTP Call** now outputs a result parameter of `response`
- Some tasks now have the ability to output to a file rather than to a result parameter due to size restrictions on result parameters
    - **Execute HTTP Call**
    - **Create Team in Organization**
    - **Find Repositories in Org**
    - **Get All Teams in Organization**
    - **Get Github Repository**
    - **Get Organization Info**
    - **Get Team In Organization**
    - **Invite Member to Team**
    - **Invite User to Organization**
- Fixed a bug when reference Result Parameters from a task, the `s` was missing from `$(tasks.`

## Workflow Configuration

- We have improved the experience for defining labels on a workflow. In time these will become more powerful for searching throughout Flow.

## Task Manager

- You can now export a Task in YAML format on a particular task rather than having to copy and paste the YAML manually
- You can define the following additional details on a task via the experience to match what could be done in the YAML
    - script
    - environment variables
    - working directory

## Logging Integration

- We have deprecated the Elasticsearch integration for logging leaving the default Kubernetes logging or Loki as the choices