---
title: Overview
index: 0
---

# Overview

Boomerang Flow is a modern cloud native workflow automation tool built on top of Kubernetes<sup>®</sup>. It allows you to enable new ways of approaching your business tasks. Or, combine Boomerang Flow with existing tools to extend your current workloads.

Supporting the No-Code paradigm with out-of-the-box tasks, Boomerang Flow offers extensibility to bring your own tasks, while providing custom container support. 

Create your next workflow to produce an end-to-end process that executes a series of tasks based on a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG).

> Note: Boomerang Flow is an open source project part of Boomerang-io.

## Benefits

* Boomerang Flow is cloud native from the ground up, with no overhead from legacy implementations.
* Boomerang Flow is cloud agnostic and can be run in any Kubernetes environment.
* Each task in the workflow is executed as a pod.
* A visual editor provides for creating the DAG.
* Worklow is triggered in any of four easy methods: manual, webhook, schedule, or action listener.
* The multi-step workflows support parallel processing, decisions, dynamic storage, and parameterization. 
* Workflow change logs and versioning provide the ability to roll back to any prior revision.
* Activity detail with per-execution records detail the executed workflow and tasks. Logs, status, and output properties are also available.
* Dynamic insights over time can be filtered per team, workflow or a combination thereof.
* Boomerang Flow is pre-integrated with Boomerang teams and role based access.

## Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG)

- Steps in a DAG are a task.
- Tasks are a discrete piece of work.
- All of the tasks in DAG make up a workflow.

## Navigation

* Workflows - Create, view, and manage your workflows from a centralized location. 
* Activity - View the status, logs, outputs, and run times of your recent workflow executions
* Editor - Use the advanced visual drag and drop workflow editor to define triggers, set options, create properties, and link the workflow tasks together.
* Insights - View powerful metrics and real time statistics on workflow executions over time, showing peak execution periods, average run times, and percentage of success and failures.
