---
title: Overview
index: 1
---

# Overview

Modernize and supercharge your Workflow automation with a powerful cloud native event driven Workflow automation tool built on top of Kubernetes<sup>®</sup>. It enables new ways of approaching your business Tasks or combine with existing tools to extend your current workloads.

Supporting the no-code paradigm with out-of-the-box Tasks, Boomerang Flow offers extensibility to bring your own Tasks, while providing custom container support. 

Create your next Workflow to produce an end-to-end process that executes a series of Tasks. 

> **Note**: Boomerang Flow is an open source project part of Boomerang-io.

## Benefits

* Cloud native from the ground up, with no overhead from legacy implementations.
* Cloud agnostic and can be run in any Kubernetes environment.
* A drag-and-drop UI editor for creating Workflows.
* Events based on [CloudEvents](https://cloudevents.io) and [NATS](https://nats.io).
* Triggers in any of four easy methods: manual, webhook, schedule, or custom event.
* Parallel processing of Tasks, decisions, dynamic storage, and parameterization. 
* Tasks that are executed as [Kubernetes jobs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/).
* Workflow change logs and versioning that provide the ability to roll back to any prior revision.
* Activity detail with per-execution records that detail the executed Workflow and Tasks. Logs, status, and output properties are all available.
* Dynamic insights over time that can be filtered per team, Workflow or a combination thereof.

## What are Tasks and Workflows?

- Tasks are a discrete piece of work .e.g. making a HTTP request. They are the base unit of execution in Flow. 
- Workflows are a series of Tasks connected together.
- Workflows form and are executed as a directed acyclic graph (DAG).

## Wait, what is a DAG again?

- The core concept of Flow. It is how we represent Tasks and their relationships and dependencies that determine how a Workflow executes.
- It's a graph. Think vertices and edges between them.
- It's directed. Edges between vertices have an orientation or direction.
- It's acyclic. You can't end end up where you started in an execution.
- DAGs have a number of applications across a number of disciplines. For our purposes, it is used for scheduling the Tasks in a Workflow.
- Learn some more about [graph theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_theory) and [DAGs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph) via Wikipedia. 


## Use Cases

There are plenty of ways to use Boomerang Flow, it is all about save people time either by automating repetitive or low value Tasks and increasing your productivity.

* Employee Onboarding - Send, track, and automatically action access requests for new employees
* Git Bot - Manage issue and PR responses and categorizations
* Report Generation - Integrate and collate data from multiple sources into a cohesive scorecard
* Incident Management - Help resolve issues with automatic routing and acknowledgement
* Operations - Implement runbook automation and issue remediation 
* Syncing Systems - Send data between systems as events happen to ensure tools and access stay in sync

## Navigation

* Workflows - Create, view, and manage your Workflows from a centralized location. 
* Activity - View the status, logs, outputs, and run times of your recent Workflow executions.
* Actions - Approve executions and peform manual tasks.
* Editor - Use the advanced visual drag-and-drop Workflow Editor to define triggers, set options, create properties, and link the Workflow Tasks together.
* Insights - View powerful metrics and real-time statistics on Workflow executions over time, showing peak execution periods, average run times, and percentage of success and failures.

See [Navigating](/docs/boomerang-flow/introduction/navigating) for more information.

## Tasks

Tasks can be split into three distinct types. See [Getting To Know Tasks](/docs/boomerang-flow/getting-to-know/Tasks) for more information.

* System Tasks: are logic based Tasks that influence the DAG.
* Template Tasks: are Tasks that perform a function and can be verified out-of-the box, are community-provided, and managed through Task Manager (in the Admin interface).
* Custom Task: a custom Task allows a bring-your-own container to run in place of a Task and executes any custom logic.

## IBM Services Essentials

As Boomerang Flow was contributed to open source, and continues to be sponsored by IBM, integration is enabled with IBM Services<sup>®</sup> Essentials. Flow is supported out-of-the box, providing additional enterprise capabilities such as audit logging, consent management, and user and team role management via the broader IBM platform. There are also Tasks available that rely on platform services. 
