---
title: What's New
index: 4
---

# What's new

Get a quick overview of what has been added, changed, improved, or deprecated in version 3.2.0 released 20th May 2021.

You can find more details about the features in the detailed documentation.

## General

- Fix for the DAKS error when clicking on your user profile

## Parameters

- Fix to the Select parameter default option not saving

## Workflows

- Added the ability to specify custom labels to a Workflow. This can help you find multiple Workflows that are related or for operating purposes as they are also added to the objects in Kubernetes
- Fix for the Task Upgrade Modal on the Workflow Editor to show the same implementation on the left hand side and right hand side

## Tasks

- Tasks are now aligned with Tekton tasks with the ability to import, export, and edit using the Tekton Task YAML definition
  - Additional metadata is added following Kubernetes practice through annotations that help store information needed for the user experience.
  - You can create a task from a YAML file (replacing the create from JSON)
- Enhanced the Send Slack Message task to support uploading files
- Enhanced the Send Email with SendGrid task to support attachments
- New Run Workflow system task that allows you to kick off other workflows.
- When creating or editing Template Tasks in the Task Manager you can now specify if the Lifecycle should run with the task. This allows new Verified or Community tasks that may not use the Task CLI framework to utilize result parameters and other integrations.
- Updated the following task names for Parameter reference:
  - Read Parameters to File file utilities task
  - Read File to Parameter file utilities task
  - Set Output Parameter system task

## Activity & Execution

- Ability to see Advanced Detail for debugging purposes with Kubernetes commands to find objects related to the particular Workflow Activity. Located to the right of the Workflow Name.
- You can now click on the Task in the detailed activity view and it will auto navigate to the task in the left hand panel to be able to view detailed information quicker
- Fix for Custom Task execution that intermittently did not end and would run through to a Tasks timeout
- Fix for Run Workflow where required parameters did not become required

