---
title: Pre-requisites
index: 0
---

# Prerequisites

You are expected to have one of the supported Kubernetes<sup>®</sup> platforms, version 1.13.9 or higher, fully installed and correctly configured. Additional software requirements that may be met by the platform are presented in the following sections. Additionally:

- Ensure you have read and can meet all the dependencies listed in the [Application Architecture](/boomerang-flow/architecture/application-architecture).
- Ensure you have Helm<sup>®</sup> 3 installed, as Boomerang Flow is packaged with Helm.

## Software

### MongoDB

MongoDB is a mandatory dependency that needs to be installed prior. We highly recommend the [MongoDB Helm chart from Bitnami](https://bitnami.com/stack/mongodb/helm)

We recommend that you install and create the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) with `retain`, with a minimum recommended storage of `2Gi`. 

### NATS

If you want to enable eventing, NATS Streaming must be available to act as the messaging system. You can install NATS Streaming via its [Helm chart found here](https://github.com/nats-io/k8s/tree/master/helm/charts/stan) 

### Helm 3

The installation requires Helm 3.

## IBM Services Essentials

When standalone mode is disabled, integration to the Core services provided by IBM Services Essentials is required.

## Kubernetes

### Kubernetes Image Policies

If you are implementing a Kubernetes cluster, which uses ClusterImagePolicy or ImagePolicy, you may need to add `docker.io/boomerangio/*:*` to your policies to be able to retrieve the images.

### Network

Supported for use with IPv4 networks only.

### Storage

If you want to set up persistent storage, you must have physical volumes available and supported as a Kubernetes volume type.

### Resources

TBA