---
title: What's New
index: 4
---

# What's new

Get a quick overview of what has been added, changed, improved, or deprecated in version 3.1.0 released 5 February 2021.

You can find more details about the features in the detailed documentation.

## Parameters

- Introduced new Parameters syntax and approach to align with the industry. This replaces Properties. Read more about it [here](/boomerang-flow/getting-to-know/parameters)
- Parameters are now resolved by the Workflow service rather than by the Flow CLI
- Added the Teams Parameters layer to the stack
- Added the Global Parameters layer to the stack
- Parameters can now be resolved in all task inputs and also in Task Manager

## Eventing

- Replaced the eventing payload available as a Workflow Parameter from `io.boomerang.eventing.data` to `eventPayload`
- Added optional `status` query parameter to the **Wait For Event** `POST` and `GET` endpoints allowing uses to take advantage of the link state in their workflow.
- Added CloudEvents extension for `status` when sending the a CloudEvents of type `io.boomerang.eventing.wfe`
- Added the ability to send a payload as part of the **Wait For Event** `POST` that in turn becomes a task result parameter of `eventPayload`

## Workflows

- New System scoped Workflows are available to be used by Administrators and do not require a team.
- Auto suggesting of parameters has been fixed and is now usable in more of the fields

## Tasks

- Acquire Lock and Release Lock are new System Tasks that allow for waiting on a lock
- New Replace Tokens in File certified task
- HTTP Call certified task now supports proxy information
- Upload Slack File now optionally accepts a file path in addition to the option of raw file contents

## Activity

- Added ability to see a workflows scope
- See the input value on a switch. Helpful if no paths are taken, a user can see the value that was switched against.
- Fixed the comment line that was appearing in the Result Parameters in the Activity View
- The Workflow version is now visible on the activity detail

## Execution

- Workflow execution quotas have been fixed and are now respected.
- You can now execute up to 50 Workflows in parallel using the defaults provided in the Helm chart. This was previously 5.

## Installation

- Replaced Modes with Feature Flags. There are now 12 feature flags and 4 override URLs which allow greater flexibility in how Boomerang Flow is installed.
- When installing, the charts `namePrefix` is also used to prefix the collections in MongoDB allowing it to be embedded in another application.

## Persistent Storage

- Added a new Workspaces storage in tasks mapped to /workspace. This lives cross executions and can be handy for cached items or longer term storage.
- Mapped the Workflows (per execution) storage in tasks to /workflows instead of /data. This better matches the paradigm used by the industry.
- Added new Settings to configure the size, storage class, and access mode for the Kubernetes Storage used under the covers. This allows you to use additional storage outside of the default specified in the Kubernetes cluster and we now recommend [Ranchers local path provisioner](https://github.com/rancher/local-path-provisioner) for low latency requirements.
